Detailing how cards are played. (#34)
GiottoVerducci/rulebook2024: content.md

### **Playing a Card**

A card is played in three steps:

1. announce the card\
All details are defined, including (but not limited to):
    * its effects and targets (if any)
    * which minion is playing it (for minion cards)
    * its cost and how it is paid (if any)

>     * its requirements and how they are met (if any), for instance which Discipline(s) are used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All details are defined, including but not limited to:
    * its name,
    * its targets (if any)
    * if it is a minion card: which minion plays it,
    * its cost and how it is paid (if there is a choice)
    * how requirements are met (if there is a choice), for instance which Discipline(s) are used at which level,
```
